amen
hey you want to build some muscle man
you do it's good man
it's real good man a man who's gotten us
to build some muscle fuck away sup
everybody hey uh so we got this bit of
idea why got Sun City man hey Scott
Herman Fitness scoopy uh who's these
other motherfuckers on YouTube man it's
not uh talk about you know 8h I please X
athlean-x with a chai tea tray is the
best way to lose fat your is they're not
line it is the best way to lose fat it's
all sort of number one way to fucking
burn up all your fucking games dude and
you know what I'm not a big fan of hit
training cuz it's just too intense do
you honestly you know when you add
cardio to your your your regimen
whatever whatever you do to try to stay
in shape hit train is very intense it
could easily break you the fuck out I
can't do to God that type of cardio man
cuz it just fucking sucks who the fuck
wants to get up in the morning after
work or and even whatever you go to the
fucking gym and do cardio is like man I
got to fucking hit training man she's
gonna kick my ass you ain't going you
will lose a lot of focus man
yeah and it's going to burn you out
especially if all your cardio session is
a stop you say some hick train is the
best way to lose fat it is but it's the
best way to burn yourself out and its
best way to burn off muscle gains now
opinion is this if you can't maintain
your muscle build muscle and lose burn
fat same time best cardio to do is a
good moderate pace cardio what I mean by
that is this get on the fucking
treadmill and walk at a steady pace
about 15 to 45 minutes up to an hour
okay and a good steady pace to pace if I
will stand beside him on the treadmill
we should we can carry on the
conversation and talk about how nice
that girl up in front of this looks okay
but you should you know have a good
sweat gland but you should have a real
good sweat body by Tommy Dunn that's the
best way to burn fat yeah just fat
what you doing Hicks training your
body's got on the train is hip training
in training your body's grabbing
everything you can
this burn in it
grabbin glycogen is grabbing fat and
it's grabbing muscle gains okay so
that's our pinion on but you know what
it's just in the penis just advice you
know you don't have to follow you know
I'm saying you can do over the fuck do
you wanna do
[Music]